1. What concepts are similar between the companies (List at least two)? What are some key differences (List at least two)? 
In general, what items should be present in a code review checklist for a development team?

Dheer's Response: A concept that is similar between the two companies is communication, both of these companies talk about
how communication is important and how crutical it is when it comes to code reviews. Another concept that are similar between
the two companies is the emphasis of automation in code reviews, both companies talk about how automation will catch common 
errors and enforce coding standards. One Key difference would be the types of tools each company uses, for example Visual studio
uses different tools for code reviews like Rubocop, StyleCop and etc. But Yelp has a completly different tech stack. Another difference
would be that Visual studio usues something call Emoji Style feedback which includes feedback that includes emojis but yelp doesnt have so.
In general The items that should be present in a code review checklist for a development team should be Clear communication, Automation,
Team collaboration, and A good tone when code reviewing.




2. Find an example of a "good" code review. Provide a link to the review and explain why you found the review beneficial.

Dheer's Response: https://codereview.stackexchange.com/questions/291445/simple-task-for-networking-programmers
This is a good code review because of the fact that all of the feedback is listed in bold whihc is very easy for the indivual
that is receving feedback to see, The reviewer also includes examples which makes it easier to understand what the reviewer is saying
And the reviewer includes hyperlinks to various different system calls.

3. Find an example of a "bad" code review. Provide a link to the review and briefly explain why you found the review not beneficial. 
In addition, include recommendations for improvement to the review feedback.

Dheer's Response: https://codereview.stackexchange.com/questions/291338/a-library-management-system

This is an example of a bad code review due to the fact that it is not easy to read and point out what exactly you need to fix
just by a quick glimpse. Another reason is that the individual didnt use bold headers, and didnt provide various different types of
images and examples to elaborate on the fixes. Some recommendations would be to add images, use bold titles, and add more hyper links.

